Problem 11. Programming Languages
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Perform a research (e.g. in Google or Wikipedia) and provide a short list with information about the most popular programming
languages. How similar are they to C#? How do they differ from C#?Write in a text file called “programming-languages.txt” 
at least five languages along with 2-3 sentences about each of them. Use English.




1. Java

  Java is programming language that is class-based and object-oriented and it is specifically designed to have as few 
  implementation dependencies as possible. The code created with Java on one platform doesn't need to be recompiled to run on 
  other.Java applications are typically compiled to bytecode that can run on any Java virtual machine regardless of computer 
  architecture.Java and C# are similar they are both class-based and object-oriented languages.Both use garbage collection, 
  have built-in Unicode support and only allow inheritance.The main difference between Java and C# is that Java can run on any
  operating system, While C# requires Windows and .Net framework.There are also some other differences like keywords, syntax 
  and the use of some classes, exception handling etc.


2. C

  C is a high-level and general purpose programming language that is ideal for developing firmware or portable applications.
  Originally intended for writing system software, C was developed at Bell Labs by Dennis Ritchie for the Unix Operating 
  System (OS).C is one of the most widely used programming languages of all time and because of it's early creation many of the 
  other popular languages borrowed something from it.Some of them are: D, Go, Rust, Java, JavaScript, Limbo, LPC, C#, 
  Objective-C, Perl, PHP, Python, Verilog and etc.Both C and C++ present a lower level of abstraction that provides a breadth 
  of access to underlying machine functionality that are not necessarily exposed with other languages. C# provides a managed 
  memory model that adds a higher level of abstraction that adds convenience and improves development times, but complicates 
  access to lower level APIs and makes specialized performance requirements problematic. The syntax of C# is much simpler and 
  prone than C/C++ and is easier for learning.


3. Ruby

  Ruby is a dynamic, reflective, object-oriented, general-purpose programming language. It was designed and developed in the 
  mid-1990s by Yukihiro "Matz" Matsumoto in Japan.
  Some minor differences between Ruby and C# are:
- Ruby is an interpreted language, while C# is a compiled language.
- Ruby is a dynamically typed language, while C# is statically and dynamically typed.
- Ruby has no debugging mode, while debugging mode is available in C#.
- Ruby uses the keyword "end" to denote an end in scoping routines, while C# uses parentheses {} to indicate start and end in 
  scoping routines.


4. Python

  Python is a widely used general-purpose, high-level programming language.Its design philosophy emphasizes code readability, 
  and its syntax allows programmers to express concepts in fewer lines of code than would be possible in languages such as 
  C++ or Java.Python supports multiple programming paradigms, including object-oriented, imperative and functional programming 
  or procedural styles. It features a dynamic type system and automatic memory management and has a large and comprehensive 
  standard library.
  Some minor differences between Python and C# are:
- C# is designed for common language infrastructure, while Python supports cross-platform operating system
- C# filename extension is ".cs" ,while filename extensions for Python are ".py", ".pyw", ".pyc", ".pyo" and ".pyd"
- C# is not a scripting language, while Python is a server side scripting language.
- C# does not support the concept of duck typing, while Python does.
- C# is a compiled language and supports a compiler, While Python is not a compiled language and does not include a compiler.


5. JavaScript

  JavaScript is a dynamic computer programming language.It is most commonly used as part of web browsers, whose implementations
  allow client-side scripts to interact with the user, control the browser, communicate asynchronously, and alter the document 
  content that is displayed.JavaScript is classified as a prototype-based scripting language with dynamic typing and first-class
  functions. This mix of features makes it a multi-paradigm language, supporting object-oriented, imperative, and functional 
  programming styles.The major differences between JavaScript and C# are that JavaScript can be run on any platform, directly 
  in any browser and is interpreted as opposed to compiled, and that JS is not object-oriented and class-based. Also there is
  no need to specify variable types like int, long, string etc.
